we have experiments.
Yes,
experiments.
They're kind of weird looking
experiments though.
I don't know why these ones uh these
ones are slow.
They shouldn't be slow.
I don't get it.
Kind of weird.
Let's just do
Yeah, it's still running them as well.
All
right, here what we're going to do.
Let's remove
this cache.
Run this cache function.
It actually is good that I um I like
already want to load the data into
constellation versus anything else.
Yeah, this [ __ ] didn't do much for us,
did it?
Did this do anything?
I don't think we even saved any of these
points because none of them are parto.
Oh no, it loaded more points in.
But
that's jank. That is so jank.
The best one right here.
5.9.
Weird. All right, let's see if we can
figure out what the hell is going on
with this.
This does not make any sense to me. We
have a whole bunch of runs. Uh they are
developing breakout. We have 108
experiments to solve breakout.
Only 22 experiments that are this fast.
So like this has got to be our uh our
initial one.
Right. 1237. Yeah, that's the first one.
So, how the heck is it that it ran all
these other experiments that are slower?
That does not seem right to me at all.
A little bit of context here, right? So,
Chung did some awesome work on sweeps
and uh apparently we should have really
really good sweep tech now,
but when I enable it, uh we are getting
a lot more runs that solve the end. Lots
of runs, but they aren't fast and that
is screwy to me. Is very screwy.
Like,
are they
Well, they're running giant networks
that are super slow for some reason.
Why are they doing this?
So, we got costs,
we got time steps.
Sweeps plus constellation integration
with Puffer 4.
So, I've run um I have run a good 1500
breakout experiments overnight.
It's pretty good.
And I'm looking at results.
You'll notice with Wy
does not like it when you have lots and
lots of experiments. It kind of goes, oh
no, it's uh I'm run on potato. I can
only graph 50 things at most. And then
constellation goes, no problem. We graph
10,000 things. Easy.
To be fair, we don't actually track
training curves, but still.
This is kind of weird though because
does this not work with early stop?
But this is still my
normal code here.
We're still training on what is it?
Cost.
Why is it giving us such long runs?
That's screwy.
That's very screwy.
So, it shouldn't be taking into account
time steps at all.
Yeah, it just gets used for that last
dead end point there. That's not even
anything, is it?
I got no idea why it would do this,
right?
Like we get this run here and then we
don't have any runs that are
we don't get any other runs.
Literally the best one that it finds is
the default, which is so weird.
Is it not getting um cost correctly or
something?
It should be
That's very weird.
Definitely weird.
Oh, I don't see the eval on this either.
Do you?
No, this is the eval. This like chunk
right here, right?
probably.
Yeah, there is the eval.
I mean, we see the issue here, right?
Like
this is the 8second solve. Now, funny
enough, the old version of the sweep, it
found not very many good runs at all. It
only found a few good runs in a
thousand, but it did find faster runs.
Like, if we go look at constellation,
this includes the runs from before. So,
I mean, this found a 5.9 second 845.
This has got a 7se second. Here's
another 7se second. Like, it finds a few
good runs here.
and this was also from the first batch,
right? This 32nd 56 mil step run.
Why would it do this, man?
I wonder if we can get um
Okay. So, I mean this is not like a
crazy distribution.
It's not like it's running longer and
longer experiments.
It does look like it's finding better
scores over time,
Yeah, I don't want like I don't need
Claude to do that because I have if I
want to do that man look
I have this no claw required I have
every possible plot that I have super
quick
this one's
That's just log scale versus itself.
That's faster than W. Oh yeah, that'll
work for you can do that with data from
all the ends as well and it'll still be
fast.
I just haven't bothered to add like
created time stamp or anything in yet.
So I'm just missing a couple fields in
constellation and then I won't need this
anymore.
Oh, I did just notice this is actually
showing all of the points it looks like.
So, at least they fixed their scatters
on WB.
They did make some improvements. They
went actually in the right direction,
which is cool.
I don't think that there's anything to
glean here. I think it's just off for
some reason.
I don't have a down sample in here
actually.
we've been working on. Uh, hey Jess.
We're trying to figure out why sweeps
are running really long experiments.
I think this is just stopping it if it's
not improving.
I can just cap the max steps, but that
doesn't seem right.
That actually doesn't work though
because there's no cap on cost.
I thought Kung had um
Kung had some pretty awesome results
with this thing before.
I mean, this is what we have now.
I guess to be fair, all these results
are better than the uh previous soda
from 3L. But I mean, we should be
beating it by like 5x.
No, I remember distinctly in 3 it would
find faster
solutions.
It should be running faster and faster
experiments though, which is the
problem. If it's not
like this thing needs to optimize,
this thing needs to optimize cost.
No, we want the speed running thing
to work.
Let's just make sure we are actually
passing this correctly.
Oh, I wonder if this is the problem.
Hang on. No, wait. We do call. We do
call close.
Yeah. No, this is fine because it does
call um
it calls the Oh, wait. It does go in
there anyways. We're good. It's verbose,
but it's fine.
Okay. So then this is this is no
problem.
It doesn't run these shorter and shorter
run like experiments. Screw it.
None of these work.
Where does a reinforcement learning get
its name from?
I mean, what else would you call it,
right?
It's like positive and negative
reinforcement, right?
Let me find that weird range function
that just got screwy.
Iterategative1
Why is it Why is it running 12 second
experiment? That's bad.
You know,
they should not be doing that like
Pepper.
Yeah, something's definitely wrong with
the pruning.
Let me see if you can stop.
Yes, this early stopping function is
really like kind of [ __ ] is the problem.
It goes through some of the uh the PRs
on this.
I mean, I wouldn't expect this. Why is
um
Should stop early equals early stop
function in train right
So then this like these runs straight up
should not be possible
under the current model I believe.
Best way utilize AI and coding to help
learn coding faster. You know,
I honestly don't have a good answer for
you because it seems like you should be
able to,
but even as someone who is very
experienced,
like
these things are so so difficult to
integrate into your work in any
meaningful way without doing the exact
opposite. it
like it's really really tough to
actually use these to learn anything.
I mean you can get like example code I
guess but it's the problem is they write
really bad code they lie more than Sam
Alman does somehow and uh
man
they like infect your workflow as well.
It's really tough to figure out good
ways to use them.
Like the more that I use the um the
models, it really seems to me like the
only thing that they're superhuman at is
lying
Okay,
this is good.
This is good.
logs of agent steps. Why is agent steps
not in log, my guy?
Why is agent steps not in log?
Ah, I see. Because it goes into right
logs for whatever reason.
I have an idea. What if we stop
goobering?
What if we just stop being a a total
goober?
That's that simple. Just stop being a
goober,
Yeah, that's a pretty um
that's a pretty effective
anti-gubbering, I think.
Run a couple quick ones here and then
we'll do a longer one.
Okay, we still have a infinite negative
in threshold.
And we're just letting it run a long ass
experiment.
It's 10 random samples.
It' be like two trials worth.
Yeah, we still have negative threshold
is not good.
I mean, at least it's doing shorter runs
now, but like this is pruning
and it should be.
Let's just get rid of the wannabe stuff
cuz we are not ready for that [ __ ] yet.
I'll let this one run and then after
this we'll um see why it's not fitting.
I mean it should at least hit this now
after this experiment.
I'm going to kill this for now. I'm
going to just do like this.
So otherwise It's going to take for
absolutely ever.
and dumb samples
30 samples.
I mean, I see what he's done here, but
um
Okay, here's what we're going to do.
Since I got to get to dinner, I'm going
to run this
full thing.
Well, we got uh we at least figured out
the problem, so I'm happy.
We'll see whether this produces us any
interesting results.
I am going to go get some dinner
and then we'll see what I do. Uh
tomorrow I'm going to stream in the
morning and then I'm uh we've have
picked up some new client work. So, you
can expect that I'm going to have to
spend a few more of my normal streaming
hours on client work for the next bit.
Uh, but we are going to essentially be
uh two things. Chipping away at
experiments,
trying to get nice stable Puffer 4
suites,
adding the last couple of features that
we're still missing, not very much left
to add, and then massively cleaning up
all the Puffer 4 code. Now, if you'd
like to support my work for absolutely
free free,
feed this puffer a star on GitHub. He
likes stars. This is rounding up to 5K.
I'd very much like to reach 5,000 flat.
Uh we'll do something cool to celebrate,
I'm sure, when we hit it. Other than
that, you can join Discord if you'd like
to get involved. A lot of the stuff we
do is a lot more accessible than you
would think. And you can follow me on X
for more reinforcement learning content.
Thank you all. See you around.